This project started as the idea of combining the various programs and
libraries for reading the TEMPer thermometer devices into one general library
that could read them all, providing a unified interface to applications.

This is, of course, complicated by the fact that I currently only have one
variant of those devices myself, namely the TEMPerV1.2 USB HID device.

On the way, I realized that, at least the program[1] that works for the device
I actually have, basically implements the HID standard, because it's based on
replicating what is seen with USB sniffing.

To avoid this, I looked for a HID library, and found HIDAPI[2], which in
addition to being open source is also cross-platform, which is positive.

This enabled me to fairly quickly make a much simpler program than the original
that does basically the same thing, namely read the temperature off the sensor.

Later, I changed some parts and added code to support more of the HID devices
that work in a similar way. As yet I've only added support for the temperature
part of the TEMPer2HumiV1.0 (0c45:7402), on the assumption that the USB IDs are
the only things that need to be different (which seems to be right according to
a comment in the same thread as [1], but has not yet been tested). However, the
code is written to be ready for other variants that work slightly differently.

As yet, this is as far as I have gotten - there's currently just a pair of
programs, one that enumerates the devices attached to the system, and one that
reads the temperature off either all supported devices, or the specified ones.

I have not yet implemented all the features of Cray's pcsensor program though,
and may not get around to doing that for quite a while, as I don't need them.


To build the programs, first clone both this and HIDAPI[2], then build HIDAPI
for your platform (I mostly use the Linux/hidraw implementation), then adjust
the path in the Makefile (if necessary) to point to the built HIDAPI source,
then run make.

For this to work properly, you will probably need to have installed the -dev
packages for libudev and/or libusb first (for the right library versions).



[1] The program I'm talking about is called pcsensor-1.0.0, by Cray, seen here:
http://relavak.wordpress.com/2009/10/17/temper-temperature-sensor-linux-driver/#comment-202

[2] The HIDAPI library can be found here: http://www.signal11.us/oss/hidapi/
with source on GitHub here: https://github.com/signal11/hidapi
This project uses features not available in version 0.6; use 0.7 or newer.
